Belis Aladag: Hi, this is gonna be can explain
Belis Aladag: I checked his cures and it shows that he's on Suboxone last given on the 20th
Belis Aladag: My doctor
Belis Aladag: Hello.
I think
Belis Aladag: Are you on mute.
Kennerh Blaine: I don't think so. I think I just took it off. Can you hear me.
Belis Aladag: I hear you. Hi.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, I
Belis Aladag: Hi, I'm Dr. Alan DAG. Nice to meet
You too.
Belis Aladag: So, Kenneth, um, welcome to bright heart health.
Belis Aladag: I understand that you have. It looks like I checked to the database. California has a database of controlled substances, so I can see from that that you have a prescription for Suboxone right through. Dr. Moore was the last person.
Kennerh Blaine: Yes.
Belis Aladag: Tell me, um, how much, how much Suboxone, are you, is it a tablet. Is it a film.
Kennerh Blaine: It.
Kennerh Blaine: Film and
Eight dash two
Kennerh Blaine: Yes.
Kennerh Blaine: eight milligrams to milligram
Belis Aladag: And how much of those are you
Taking
Kennerh Blaine: Um, it's the film and it's one in the morning and one in in in the evening or at night. OK.
Belis Aladag: So the bison day you're taking it um
Belis Aladag: How long have you been
On this medication.
Um,
Kennerh Blaine: February 29 I checked into Valley Recovery Center and Sacramento to detox. I was there for five days.
Kennerh Blaine: And then
Kennerh Blaine: The next day,
Kennerh Blaine: I was really didn't feel good and I went in the hospital amid admitted me my potassium was extremely low. And so that started me on the soapbox and then then County is in the process of trying to get a pilot program going and
Kennerh Blaine: When I discharged from the hospital. It was supposed to all be set up. Well, they're still in the process of
Kennerh Blaine: Having it set up. And so, Jake Miller through
Kennerh Blaine: In law hospital.
Kennerh Blaine: He's in charge of all this kind of stuff. And so he's been working with the doctor to give me a five days supply
Kennerh Blaine: Every five days until we can find out a more permanent solution.
Belis Aladag: Okay, I see. Well, I see. So you you're very new to this medication and
Belis Aladag: You're looking for stability and continuity and so that's what I hope to bring for you today.
Kennerh Blaine: Oh, that would be wonderful.
Belis Aladag: Yes, yes. So that'll be our goal is that we see each other, you know, weekly, are you comfortable in a
group setting.
Kennerh Blaine: Yes.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so, um, you know, because you've been stabilized. It sounds like on one film twice a day.
Belis Aladag: I think you'd be appropriate for a group follow up. Is it, you know, on a weekly basis where we just chat. It's you and a couple other people
Belis Aladag: Also on Suboxone use most of them and just a second and say, Hey, how's it going, any questions about the medication, any concerns and then the rest of the
Belis Aladag: Visit is run by a therapist who focuses on recovery things, um, because so. So with that, let's segue to that. So tell me about your past history. What was, were you using of using opioids. How did that come to be. Tell me all about it.
Kennerh Blaine: Um, yes. On July 24 1989 I checked into a drug and alcohol facility and woodland California and I hadn't shot heroin or drink alcohol since then.
Kennerh Blaine: April of 2001 I had gotten a back injury at work.
Kennerh Blaine: And
Kennerh Blaine: It was workman's comp. And so I wasn't taking very much medication, but I was also getting all kinds of other stuff massages and chiropractor and and and then that all physical therapy and then that all just quit.
Kennerh Blaine: And so I did real good on the medication for quite a while.
Kennerh Blaine: And then the last two, two and a half years. My mother moved in with us.
Kennerh Blaine: I had to do a power of attorney actually on both my parents and I had to take all the power away from my dad because my mom would go in the hospital and my dad would go AMA or and they get back home and she would fall and hurt herself. And so then she came to move with x and
Kennerh Blaine: So anytime she failed or lit needed lifted or whatever I was doing that. And of course, in doing that, the more pain that more Maj. The form as the last pain. The more you do the more meds that cycle. Ensure your
Kennerh Blaine: And then probably the last
Kennerh Blaine: Nine months or so.
Kennerh Blaine: I put both. I had to put both of my parents into a
Kennerh Blaine: Memory care facility.
Kennerh Blaine: And
Kennerh Blaine: Income, the emotional aspects of all of that. And so I was
Kennerh Blaine: Trying to drown my emotions with the pain medication and staying busy and doing stuff and it got ridiculous.
Sorry about that. That's that must be hard.
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah, tough decisions we have to make, you know, I'm a mama's boy.
Belis Aladag: Will you do the best you can. That's all she can ask from you.
Belis Aladag: And me as
Kennerh Blaine: Well, the medical aspect.
Kennerh Blaine: We have medical aspect got more than my wife and I can handle so
Kennerh Blaine: We had to make sure she is taken care of properly.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, yeah, I'm sure you're visiting
Kennerh Blaine: Well, not right now because they're all closed down because of the virus.
Kennerh Blaine: Oh, right. And I'm allowed to go into any
Kennerh Blaine: Lesson hospitals.
Belis Aladag: That's true. I forgot. Oh God, what a. What an interesting time
Belis Aladag: Okay.
I see.
Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Haha. Okay, so you've been dealing with that. And that's a lot of emotion. And yeah, so you had access to the medication, etc, etc, just got out of hand and then you decided to take control and go into the detox. Right.
Kennerh Blaine: Correct.
Belis Aladag: Okay, and then you found out about Suboxone and now do you feel the Suboxone helps you somewhat with the pain as well. It should be helping with your back pain.
Kennerh Blaine: It does that and it helps with the craving of the opiate also excellent
Belis Aladag: That's what it's supposed to do. You're supposed to be feeling normal cravings.
Belis Aladag: And yeah, you still have life's challenges that you you know and and we still have to face whatever we need to face, but at least it's it's a notch easier to stay away from that temptation.
Belis Aladag: With this medication.
Belis Aladag: So,
Kennerh Blaine: Sorry, I agree.
Belis Aladag: So, so I say, it's important that we continue it for the time being, and then we'll see how this goes. You know, the treatment could last years, it could be a year. It could be anything you want it to be. We're not in a hurry to get you off of this stuff.
Belis Aladag: If because okay the, the thing is, it's, it's
Belis Aladag: It's helpful to
Belis Aladag: It's helpful to know that the longer you're on it, the more healing your brain goes through
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah, it makes sense.
Belis Aladag: Because of all the ups and downs of the shorter acting the different opioids. Were you on Norco or oxycodone, or what were you on
Kennerh Blaine: Norco
Kennerh Blaine: And I was
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah, I was buying them off the street to. And so it was getting 110 I had my own hundred and 10 or hundred and 12 and then I was buying them.
Kennerh Blaine: I know they're hundred and 10 every week.
Kennerh Blaine: I see and using them mall.
Belis Aladag: I see that's a lot right um
Belis Aladag: So okay, so I'm glad you're off of that, and you're on this medication. I'm going to prescribe it for you to last you until
Belis Aladag: Today is Tuesday. I'm wondering if we should have you join our group on Thursday, or do you want to meet us the following Thursday. Maybe it's up to you.
Kennerh Blaine: The following Thursday. My wife and I are going to go away. For our anniversary next week. Okay, if it would be okay. The following week
Belis Aladag: Okay, okay. Yeah, I'll give you so I'll give you like 10 days worth to cover you through until the following Thursday's meeting which will be at
Kennerh Blaine: 4pm 4pm 4pm on
Thursdays.
Kennerh Blaine: I'm his wife, I'm helping
Belis Aladag: Okay, good.
Kennerh Blaine: My wife's over here. She, she's there. She's the
Kennerh Blaine: Computer person and my
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah. Will it be the same ID number. Will it be the same ID number.
Belis Aladag: No, it won't. I'll try to send you an email after this meeting with you to give you details but
Belis Aladag: Basically always login to the virtual clinic so log into that zoom id the virtual clinic is kind of like our check in.
Belis Aladag: You check in there and you say, hey,
Kennerh Blaine: I have
Kennerh Blaine: A clock. What is that number.
Kennerh Blaine: That number is 408486 486-476-2462. Yes, ma'am. I have that
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, so that's your one every day, checking. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: That that's the same that should be 24 seven accessible to you. That's our checking like front desk. So whenever you have a meeting with individually or in a group. Always go there first and tell them, hey, I'm here.
Kennerh Blaine: To meet with
Belis Aladag: Whatever, and then they'll, they'll give you the zoom number. And if it's a group of usual change.
The machine.
Kennerh Blaine: And okay, and then, can I get your name again I'm
Belis Aladag: Yeah, my name is Dr out DAG is an apple, a la de AG Allah DAG.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: That way I
Kennerh Blaine: Know,
Kennerh Blaine: I'm supposed to ask for one scene.
Yeah.
Um,
Belis Aladag: So any family history you spoke about your
Belis Aladag: Parents, but any family history of substance use, or other medical illnesses mental illnesses.
Kennerh Blaine: Substance abuse. Yeah, my parents will celebrate 36 years in Alcoholics Anonymous is August and my brother died from shooting dope destroying his liver and kidneys and so
Belis Aladag: Oh wow, I'm so sorry to hear that. Wow.
Belis Aladag: And you said you had a personal history before 1989. So how old were you when you
Started
Belis Aladag: Were you like in your teens when you started with heroin and alcohol or anything else.
Kennerh Blaine: Oh no no i i started smoking pot around sex and I started shooting heroin at nine.
Belis Aladag: Wow.
Belis Aladag: That is crazy. Is that real
Kennerh Blaine: Yes. Yay. Yes. Wow. Um,
Kennerh Blaine: My dad is a lifer in the Navy, and he was in Vietnam quite a bit. And then my mom was working at convalescent hospital and
Kennerh Blaine: Most of the nights and going to San Diego State become a physical therapist assistant. So we had babysitters or whatever you want to call them, and some are good. Some are bad. I was molested for about four and a half years by one of my gone babysitters shine so
Belis Aladag: Oh my god, I'm so sorry.
Kennerh Blaine: escape reality for a long time.
Belis Aladag: Oh, what a crazy story. I'm so sorry that happened to you.
Belis Aladag: babysit her son was, how old was the son older than you. I'm assuming
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah, he was four years older than me.
Kennerh Blaine: He didn't like me because I'm
Kennerh Blaine: His dad. The whole family was into motorcycles gangs and that sort of stuff. And so the dad would take me to the motorcycle rallies.
Kennerh Blaine: And take his own son. And so the sun would take it out on me when I get
Belis Aladag: Oh man, that's terrible.
Belis Aladag: What a terrible story. I'm so sorry I have to go through that.
Belis Aladag: Well okay so so hence the young use of of heroin and alcohol.
Belis Aladag: But 1989 you stop that and then it wasn't until your back injury in 2001 that you know you started up with opioids.
Belis Aladag: Which were initially prescribed right
Correct.
Belis Aladag: Okay wow what a journey, you've had, um,
Belis Aladag: Yeah, I commend you. I mean, I'm so glad you're at this point in your life you know
Belis Aladag: So, um,
Belis Aladag: Okay, so. So in terms of other symptoms other chronic problems, let me know. Do you have any fevers, chills Molly's
Kennerh Blaine: Stomach problem. No.
Kennerh Blaine: I should just you should I get an acid.
Kennerh Blaine: No, no, know you had
Gastric
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah 1999 I had a gastric bypass and I was 450 pounds when I went under the knife and I've been able to keep it around to 20 to 25
Belis Aladag: Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: Excellent. And I have
Kennerh Blaine: Allergies we have in Northern California right in the middle of, you know, almonds and olives and
Kennerh Blaine: With the almonds really get me.
Kennerh Blaine: Oh, okay.
Belis Aladag: Do you have allergies to medications.
Kennerh Blaine: Penicillin
Belis Aladag: What happens with penicillin.
Kennerh Blaine: I break out in hives.
Belis Aladag: Okay, I'll put that in your chart.
Belis Aladag: Um, and besides the the bypass the gastric bypass surgery. Have you had any other surgeries.
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah, I
Kennerh Blaine: I tore my right bicep 10 years ago and they went back in and put it back together. I see. Okay.
Belis Aladag: So the right bicep tear was repaired. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay, um, any suicidal thoughts or history in the past, anything we need to know or worry about
Kennerh Blaine: In the past, yes, in the present. No.
Belis Aladag: Okay, gotcha. Okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay. And in the past, when did you have an attempt or did you have thoughts.
Kennerh Blaine: Um, both. I went to Sacramento.
Kennerh Blaine: Darn. Anyways, it's
Kennerh Blaine: Sacramento.
Kennerh Blaine: Hospital.
Kennerh Blaine: August 13
Kennerh Blaine: Two years ago, the day after my birthday.
Kennerh Blaine: And I spent seven days there.
Kennerh Blaine: And they got me on some real good medications.
Belis Aladag: I see, I see.
Belis Aladag: Okay, I'm right now. Are you on any other medications, besides the Suboxone
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah.
Kennerh Blaine: I thought I'd given a young man.
Kennerh Blaine: All of that the other day, maybe not.
Belis Aladag: Let me
Kennerh Blaine: Walk so
Kennerh Blaine: There's a list of them like 15 so
Belis Aladag: Oh, wow.
Kennerh Blaine: About 50 them off.
Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Um,
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah, let me let me go to meds.
Belis Aladag: And why it's not coming up on shore scripts. Maybe it will hold on. No, no medication history. Okay, I'm 15 of them all. Okay. Yeah, if you could read them off.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, I'll spell on because I can't pronounce them.
Kennerh Blaine: M. E. T. O. P. R. O. L. O. L space so
Kennerh Blaine: You CC. Yeah.
Belis Aladag: Let's hope for law. Uh huh. How much of mental prolong
Kennerh Blaine: 50 milligrams
Belis Aladag: Okay, so one in the morning. Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah thoughts.
Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: And then
Kennerh Blaine: This is it's a generic brand of p r o t o n i x
Belis Aladag: Oh protonix I
Think
Kennerh Blaine: I think
Something my
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah okay that's 40 milligrams one in the morning.
Belis Aladag: Okay. Uh huh protonix got it.
Kennerh Blaine: And then Depakote.
Kennerh Blaine: 250 milligrams, I take one in the morning and to a bedtime.
Belis Aladag: Okay, who gives you that and what, why do you take it.
Kennerh Blaine: I'm Dr. A mad, the psychiatrists from Glen County. Okay. A age and Ed is his name.
Kennerh Blaine: I see him the same way. I'm seeing you.
Belis Aladag: Okay, virtually
Kennerh Blaine: Yes.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so Dr. Ahmed, it gives you that for, is it a bipolar diagnosis, like, what, what is he giving it for
Kennerh Blaine: Yes, I have.
Kennerh Blaine: PTSD bipolar.
Kennerh Blaine: And
Kennerh Blaine: I can't control my emotions. So there's several different pills that I get
Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: And I see the next one is be you P r o p i. Oh, and
Kennerh Blaine: Yes, age, si el
Belis Aladag: Uh huh. Be appropriate on 150 D.
Belis Aladag: Yes. Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: At that time, yes.
Kennerh Blaine: Oh, okay.
Belis Aladag: Ok that's Wellbutrin that's you an anti depressant.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, and then I have generic and began taking as needed. I don't take it all the time.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay.
Belis Aladag: So the generic Ambien. I just want to warn you about that because it is a sedative and you're on an opioid Suboxone is
Considered
Belis Aladag: Suboxone is considered a
What's the word
Belis Aladag: An opioid a partial beard. So
Belis Aladag: If you could if you could refrain from using it, it would be best because otherwise I'd worry about respiratory depression. Yes.
Belis Aladag: Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: Yes, and like I haven't
Kennerh Blaine: And they were prescribed before I did the Suboxone and so like I say, I haven't used them. Okay. Um, let me see this one I'm going to hand. Am I are
Belis Aladag: Murtaza pain.
Kennerh Blaine: Looks like yes
Kennerh Blaine: Okay 50 milligrams
Kennerh Blaine: 15 times. Okay.
Belis Aladag: That's also
Belis Aladag: A depressant, and it helps you sleep.
Kennerh Blaine: And then transit done 50 for the sleep too.
Okay.
Sleep. Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: But I don't take I don't take the Ambien and the treasure. Don't together and I don't take the transit don't every night, either.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, so it's just like
Kennerh Blaine: Fun having a real rough time trying to get to sleep, you know, like 11 or 12 o'clock.
Kennerh Blaine: And I'll take
Kennerh Blaine: Transit don't. Okay. Okay, good.
Belis Aladag: We go to bed or
Belis Aladag: You go to bed early. Okay, good.
And
Kennerh Blaine: Fish oil 1000 milligram capsule.
Kennerh Blaine: In the morning
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, and
Kennerh Blaine: It's the last one and this is for the potassium
Kennerh Blaine: L. Okay. E. L. M. A. And that's 10 gram per packet and take one packet every morning and I have to mix it with water and it's a powder.
Kennerh Blaine: Powder. Okay. And this nasty.
Belis Aladag: Wow.
Belis Aladag: Uh, yeah, okay, sounds like a really nasty thing. Okay, so it's a powder potassium and outer. Okay. Got you.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, I'm just gonna say in in
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, sometimes I use stool soft nurse.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, and then an Advil, maybe for an
Kennerh Blaine: Over the counter decongestant or, you know, allergies, like, gotcha. Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: All the leaves. So that's everything.
Belis Aladag: Thank you. Now I have it all listed written in your chart. So it's all here. And Dr. Ahmed is your psychiatrist managing the bipolar disorder, the PTSD and depression or whatever's
Belis Aladag: Coming, whatever else there, right.
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah 43 point and then I also have a mental health counselor through Glen county no project manager or a project a case manager.
Kennerh Blaine: And they just started me in on the drug and alcohol and
Kennerh Blaine: Drug and Alcohol system. But right now, of course, everything shut down. I'm doing stuff.
Kennerh Blaine: I'm talking to Gabby, who's my counselor online or I mean on the phone until this all that stuff passes.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so you're in that program as well. Do you have any legal
Belis Aladag: Troubles any you eyes any problems.
Kennerh Blaine: No, I'm trying to get my gun rights back from the
Kennerh Blaine: And I've been doing that for a couple years, but every three months. I'm the it's in Sacramento. On the day we'll, we'll talk to see if it's even worth for me to go down there and try to get them.
Kennerh Blaine: To she gets reports from all my doctors and counselors and and that sort of stuff. So, and then she tells me if she thinks it's a good idea or not. And then I go with that. So did you only get one chance at this
Kennerh Blaine: And then five years. I'll get my gun rights back. Anyways, but
Belis Aladag: Oh, I see.
Belis Aladag: Oh, I see. So that's what you're
Kennerh Blaine: What I mean it's not really legal problems. Yeah.
Kennerh Blaine: Is not really legal problems.
Kennerh Blaine: Uh huh. I mean, you know, I have no do you eyes. I'm, you know, not on probation and parole. None of that stuff.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, okay. I'm okay. Good. I'm so glad I'm anything else that we should address that we're not addressing. Oh, nor can. I'm going to prescribe Narcan. Did I tell you this Narcan is a
Kennerh Blaine: Reversal no
Belis Aladag: It's, it's
Kennerh Blaine: I agree. Yes, I know. Yes, yes.
Belis Aladag: Yeah, and it's a good thing to have around. It's a spray in your nostril. In case your wife finds you you're not breathing. She can use it, it doesn't harm you. If it's not an opioid overdose.
Belis Aladag: But, you know, technically Suboxone is in the opiate family. So we like to be careful and give it with that as well. I mean, the likelihood of you having a problem.
Kennerh Blaine: You box. Very little.
Belis Aladag: Your well
Belis Aladag: And remember,
Belis Aladag: It's good Samaritan thing where you're legally covered if you have to use it on someone else I'm in California, it's
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, if you see
Belis Aladag: Somebody passed down. You don't know why. And it's not going to harm them. If it's not an opioid overdose. But if it is you got to call 911 because it's only effective for like 20 minutes to reverse. So then they can slip back into the overdose. Can you got to get them to 911
Kennerh Blaine: Okay.
Belis Aladag: Okay, so every month you'll receive a manila envelope with a drug test component and
Belis Aladag: It's just a whole table, you know, and to keep
Belis Aladag: Informed. It's not a punitive thing. It's just something part of the program so
Belis Aladag: When you get the envelope. Don't open it, it's very tempting, but don't open it called the virtual clinic first and say, Hey, I got the envelope. Do you want to walk me through this test and then they'll watch you open it.
Belis Aladag: You go to the bathroom, come back and show them the temperature and whatever.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay. Oh, I keep okay yeah
Kennerh Blaine: Yeah, I was a truck driver for 30 years so I'm used to that process of have
Belis Aladag: You know, okay, then you know quite well how it works. So yeah, so so that's going
Kennerh Blaine: To be monthly
Belis Aladag: And then, like I said, I'm you know you'll be you should be covered for with medication, you should have like 20 strips 20 films to last you until we see each other again at four o'clock on Thursday, not this Thursday, but the following
Belis Aladag: Um,
Belis Aladag: Yeah, and
Belis Aladag: Any, anything that comes up in between, you can call that virtual clinic and there's also should I give you the 800 number in case you can't zoom in there for some reason there's a phone number you can call
Kennerh Blaine: You have that that I have it in my phone already
Belis Aladag: Okay, so those through those two connections, you should be able to get messages to me anything you need scheduling and use anything like that, um,
Kennerh Blaine: And okay
Belis Aladag: If you want it sounds like you already established Karen, you have your receiving therapy with Gabby, you were saying. But if you wanted
Belis Aladag: To we have that service as
Belis Aladag: Well, and the the therapist, you will meet on Thursday that runs the group is your assigned therapist to. So if you wanted to do individual meetings with her. You could set that up as well.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, okay, you know,
Belis Aladag: It's an option. Um, but for now medication. We want to be on the medication. We want to continue sobriety and focus on that. That's you and me. That's what our thing is and and we're going to keep doing that we're going to encourage you and
Belis Aladag: And keep you on the right path. Okay.
Kennerh Blaine: Thank you so much.
Belis Aladag: You're welcome. Thank you for sharing all this intimate detail and a lot of emotional stuff with me, it's, it's a lot. So I appreciate that. And I look forward to seeing you in, like, a week, a little more than a week.
Kennerh Blaine: Okay, thank you.
Belis Aladag: Take care. Bye bye.
Kennerh Blaine: Bye bye.